Are you working with D.A. Sinclair?
He can't fix his mistakes
in prison. Mark.
I will never work
for you again.
We can just leave.
So are we dating or what?
Didn't you listen
to anything Mom or I said?
We don't kill!
No de-aging detected.
Thank you!
Uh...
- You're back!
- My sister
and niece are dead.
My wife and child are dead.
All because of you.
I'm not crazy. right?
There was a thing between us?
I'm quitting. Rex.
The Viltrumite campaign
has become the scourge of the galaxy.
We stand united against it.
Who possesses
the courage to dare free
Battle Beast?
Goodbye. my friend.
It's not your time
to die yet. pal.
Did you guys do this?
There are fewer
than 50 pure-blooded Viltrumites
left in the universe.
Go!
Destroy everything in your path.
You're out
of shit to explode.
I've got my entire
skeleton.
dickhead.
You've given me no choice.
Truer words.
You were given orders.
And yet I find this planet unprepared
for the arrival of our Viltrum empire.
Eve!
Please!
To honor my friend.
I am changing my name
from Rudy to Rex.
I'm done. I've given this world enough.
I don't think
I'll ever get used to that.
Is this really a wise decision?
We don't have a choice. Donald.
So if anyone else
ever puts my family
or anyone I love at risk.
I won't hesitate to kill them.
♪ I'll meet you at the divide ♪
♪ to break the spell ♪
♪ A point where two worlds collide ♪
♪ Yeah. we'll rebel ♪
♪ And we run and we run
and we run and we run ♪
♪ and we run and we run and we run ♪
♪ until we break through ♪
♪ If I get high ♪
♪ enough ♪
♪ If I get high enough ♪
♪ will I see you again? ♪
♪ I fill my lungs every night ♪
♪ Not long to wait ♪
♪ And if I do this thing right ♪
♪ I dream of our escape ♪
♪ Oh. and we run and we run ♪
♪ and we run and we run and we run ♪
♪ and we run and we run ♪
♪ until we break through ♪
♪ If I get high enough ♪
♪ If I get high ♪
♪ enough ♪
♪ will I see you again? ♪
♪ Will I see you again? ♪
♪ If I get high ♪
♪ If I get ♪
♪ high ♪
♪ If I get high ♪
♪ And we run and we run and we run ♪
♪ and we run and we run
and we run and we run ♪
♪ until we break through ♪
♪ Oh. and we run and we run and we run ♪
♪ and we run and we run and we run ♪
♪ and we run ♪
♪ until we break through ♪
♪ Oh. and we run and we run
and we run and we run ♪
♪ and we run and we run and we run ♪
The world really knows
how to kick us when we're down.
Sir. it's late.
Why don't you let me take it from here?
Yeah. Okay.
If anything big happens...
I'll come get you.
Like always.
The planet's in your hands. Donald.
I'll try not to break it. sir.
Hey.
Sup?
Someone spotted Furnace downtown.
We got to go stop him
before he sets something on fire.
I just got home.
Yeah. So did I.
So let someone else do it.
Hey. what the hell?!
Just a few months ago. you were begging me
to let you fight this guy.
I've been out fighting guys all day.
Yeah. well. there's one more.
There's always one more.
Just because Furnace escaped
doesn't mean we have to stop him.
There's other people helping. too.
It's bad out there. Oliver.
And a lot of heroes are gone.
I know.
Then get up.
It's not my fault
everything sucks.
What did you say?
Boys?
Everything all right?
I just want to play my game
and go to sleep.
Fine.
I'll handle Furnace alone.
Great.
Mark.
Oliver's been helping every day.
I know.
I just...
You're both doing so much.
Take a night off.
You don't see the way
people look at me out there.
So I don't get to be tired.
Or take a night off.
And neither does--
Everyone. gather round.
You've all been working together
for the last few months.
so why don't we make it official?
You want us to rejoin the Guardians?
It just makes sense. Rudy--
uh...
Rex.
We left for a reason.
What you did to Mark--
Was a precaution I had to take.
We've worked things out since then.
How do we know you don't have plans to
take us down. too. if we step out of line?
He does have those plans.
Look. I need you all on the team.
Not just because we do more good together
but because we need to show the world
that. even after everything that happened.
the Guardians are still here.
fighting to keep everyone safe.
If you don't trust him. trust me.
Cecil pulls any of that shit again.
we'll all take care of it.
Together.
We will?
I mean. we will.
There you go.
We accept your offer.
With a fat salary increase.
But the minute something smells off.
we are gone.
Done.
My people will help you move back in.
Brit will remain as team leader.
Cecil.
I agree that Brit's combat experience
made him an excellent field commander.
B-But...
Oh. don't hold back
because I'm in the room. champ.
I believe a more strategic and preemptive
approach to leadership is now needed.
making me the logical choice.
- My intellect combined with--
- No.
Cecil. I don't think you're--
You walked away from the Guardians.
There are consequences to that.
Earn my trust again and...
maybe we can talk.
All right. we got to clear
all this debris over here and-- Oh.
Hey.
Did you guys request an assist
from Invincible?
Uh. no.
They didn't call
for you. I did.
First. let me thank you. Invincible.
Your war cost so many lives.
I know you think that's a tragedy.
but you're wrong.
What? Wh-Who are you?
What do you want?
Our planet
is overburdened and dying.
We're choking on our own filth.
stupidly breeding like rabbits
as we stumble towards extinction.
But you...
you gave us what no one else could--
a chance at a better future.
Fewer mouths to feed.
Go to hell.
If only you stopped there.
But you have to make up
for your mistakes. don't you?
Push that needle back into the black.
no matter what it takes.
You're gonna ruin everything.
Which is why you need to die.
Every life you
and your friends save today...
...is ten lost tomorrow.
You think I picked
this moment by accident?
Looks like you picked wrong.
Come on.
Oh. God! Plea-Please don't hurt me!
Please!
It is-- It's not my fault!
What just happened?
Where's the dinosaur?
It's me. man!
It's me! But. like...
it's also not me.
What are you talking about?
It takes over.
I wake up and it's done
all this terrible stuff.
It's killing people.
You got to help me.
Come on. man!
I said it wasn't my fault.
Please. it takes over.
It takes over.
Invincible.
This guy turns into a dinosaur with
some stupid ideas about saving the planet.
Oh. my God.
Hmm.
We'll bring him in.
Mark. is everything all right?
What do you think?
That's correct.
Yes. it's included.
Twenty-four-seven response.
It's all in the contract.
I'll email the paperwork tomorrow.
Thank you for choosing Invincible Inc.
Got another new client.
What?
Uh. it still feels weird
taking people's money.
We're not taking people's money. Mark.
We're taking corporations' money.
And we're donating all of it.
just like you wanted.
Yeah. I guess.
What's up?
Nothing.
I just...
had a weird day.
Well. it's about to get a lot weirder.
So. um. Mr. Wilkins...
Eve tells me
you work in the furniture business.
Yeah. well.
I lost my job
after the head office got demolished.
In Chicago.
Dad.
Oh. wait.
You already know this.
Since... you were the wrecking ball
that took them down.
Dad.
We all know your boyfriend's history.
No need to beat around the bush.
is there. Mark?
I guess not.
We are two seconds from leaving.
Samantha.
It's okay.
You promised.
It's not a crime
to look out for your daughter.
Especially when her boyfriend's
got a history like yours.
Mm-hmm.
Hmm.
These green beans are incredible.
Mrs. Wilkins.
What do you. um...
wh-what do you put on them?
Here. let me help.
Hmm?
Oh. uh...
no. thanks.
Don't smoke. huh?
She's still my little girl. you know.
You'll get it when you have kids
of your own someday.
You... can have kids. right?
Uh... I think so.
So. you care about Samantha.
More than anything.
Hmm.
I hate that she's one of you people.
But I got to admit.
she's made of steel.
Been in a ton of scraps
and always comes out on top.
Guess she gets it from me.
Until now.
What do you mean?
You saw her in the hospital.
Broken legs. broken face.
In a coma.
All thanks to one of your friends.
They weren't my friends.
She wasn't even better before she had
to go back out there to save your ass
and got torn in half by that maniac.
That-that wasn't...
That wasn't my fault.
Maybe.
What I'm saying is.
the only two times Samantha's almost died
has been because of you.
If you really care for her.
maybe think about that.
Mark seems very taken with you.
I hope so.
Otherwise I'm making a big mistake.
Oh. Samantha. don't talk that way.
I'm happy for you.
Not everyone is lucky enough
to find somebody so special.
Sometimes good enough has to be.
well. good enough.
Wait.
Who are we talking about now?
Your father's a good provider
and a good husband.
even if he has his flaws.
but. ooh. that's just life.
You roll with the punches.
I know how to roll
with punches. Mom.
What are you saying?
Nothing. Nothing at all.
Just. we'll see how it goes with Mark
when you're older.
When I'm older? Wait. what--
Betsy. Our show's on.
Excuse me. dear.
I told you we shouldn't have done this.
Yeah. uh. you were right.
It's okay. We can leave now.
Oh. God. was my dad that bad?
No.
No. it's-it's not that.
Then what?
I. uh...
I almost. um...
This talking dinosaur attacked me.
and it said what happened
with the other me's.
all the people who died. that it was good.
And it wanted even more people to die
because we're messing up
the planet or something.
And then...
...then it turned back
into this normal guy.
and he didn't know what was happening.
but I-I. you know.
I felt like I had to do something.
in case it came back.
The...
Then the Guardians showed up
and took him away
before anything happened.
Are you saying you were gonna kill him?
No. I-I...
I don't know.
But your dad's right.
Yeah. I can't keep letting people get hurt
because of me.
My dad is not right. Mark.
He is never right.
Uh. can we talk about it later?
I-I. I'm just really tired.
Here.
Thanks.
Uh...
Ugh.
What's wrong with it?
Sorry.
My coffee's been terrible lately.
I don't know what it is.
Burger night
and I'm missing it.
You're making time and a half.
- Dinner'll wait.
- That's what you think.
You don't have teenagers.
Like a pack of wolves.
Last time. Anna hid leftovers for me.
They sniffed it out.
Animals. I tell you.
This way?
Looks like it.
Hey. Bet you 50 it's rats again.
In this section? Nah.
Got to be something bigger
to clog these pipes.
Oh. God. I hope it's not another fatberg.
Actually. I haven't seen
a single rat all night.
Uh. they're usually swarming
all through here.
Ugh. Kids and their fucking
urban exploring again.
Hey. remind me to tell Doug
to get down here with a welder. will you?
Shit!
What the hell was that?
Eh. it's just a rat.
The ones you swore weren't here.
Uh. that didn't look like a rat.
Okay. we're getting the fuck out of--
J-Jesus Christ. Burke!
Uh. Burke?
Oh. my God.
It's time.
Finally.
Show me the source of all this power.
Thank you.
Hey.
I just need breakfast first.
Yeah. that's. that's not why I'm here.
The other night...
I'm sorry.
I know you do a lot and I know
we can't be out there all the time.
It's okay. I get it.
Yeah I... you know.
I wish you didn't have to.
You and Mom can't protect me
from everything.
Where. where is Mom. by the way?
You really haven't been home a lot.
have you?
Come back to bed.
Eh. I'm up.
You know. I like to get an early start.
Stay for breakfast. at least.
I'm just not sure
the boys should see me leaving.
Uh. they know adults have sex. Paul.
I mean. Mark and Eve?
That kid should be a lot happier.
let me put it that way.
And Oliver thinks it's hilarious.
They're fine.
I really shouldn't.
I'll make pancakes.
Rain check?
Mm.
Fine.
I'll see you tonight.
Hey. Paul.
Want some cereal?
Oh. No. thanks.
I. uh... was just leaving.
Why are you being so weird?
Oliver.
Seriously.
we-we don't mind you being here.
Yeah. you and Mom make
almost as much noise as Mark and Eve
and I never say anything.
Dude.
Mark?
Hey. Eve.
We were just talking about you.
What?
It's Invincible Inc.
Someone's attacking
a power station upstate.
Not sure who yet.
She doesn't match anybody I've heard of.
Okay. Let's go.
I can come. too. if you want.
We've already got plans
this morning. Oliver.
remember?
Change your mind about those pancakes?
Hmm?
Hmm.
Ugh. Oh. gross.
Uh. anyone know what the hell this is?
You will raise
this machine's output
to its maximum capacity now.
I-I told you.
it-it doesn't work like that.
Make it work like that!
You have so much power.
I could sense your world light-years away.
No. no. y-you don't understand.
T-This plant powers half the coast. I--
Fine. I'll do it myself.
Here. It's got pants and everything.
just like you asked.
Thanks. Art.
That one's growing like a weed.
Tell me about it.
Yeah. I hear he's doing well.
uh. even with everything that happened.
He spent a week in the hospital.
God knows it could have been much worse.
Mom. check it out.
Oh.
I was. uh. gonna do
a new symbol for him. but...
he wanted to keep the old one.
I know it started out as Dad's thing.
but I fought all those Invincibles
wearing it.
I fought Conquest.
I almost died.
It's not his anymore.
It's mine.
That. uh. okay with you?
This thing is ridiculous.
It belongs in one of your circuses.
The Immortal was a fool
to suggest this craftsman.
Hey. now.
The Immortal sent you here
because he's your friend.
He knows dressing like other heroes
will help people trust you.
And it looks good.
It does make my strength and power clear.
Yes. it does.
Mm.
I spoke prematurely. This will do.
Good. Glad to hear it.
You should have seen what happened
when Darkwing decided
he didn't like his new costume.
He wouldn't come out
of his cave for a week...
Oliver's more than his father's son.
If he can pick his own battles.
he can pick his own costume.
The blackout is spreading
along the Eastern Seaboard.
including the plant itself.
If their cooling system
doesn't get power back soon.
we'll have a meltdown on our hands.
Who do we have in the area?
Eve and Invincible are responding.
The plant signed up
for their. uh. business.
Give them some troopers
for backup. just in case.
Sirs. we have a priority situation.
Forget about the plant.
I'll clear the civilians.
How dare you!
Listen. lady. I don't know who you are
or what you want. but this is over.
My people are dying without this energy.
Yeah. but you're killing
these people to get it.
H-How does that make sense?
Mark.
Shit. Uh...
Shit.
Oh. God.
You've dealt with sequids before.
so you know how bad this is.
Luckily. the GDA planned
for this eventuality.
Right now. agents are deploying
a containment dome.
It's experimental.
but it should buy us some time.
Press the button and your neural disruptor
shocks all sequids within ten feet.
making them drop off anyone
they've grabbed.
Then hit the civilian with a teleport dart
to get them out of there.
Lather. rinse. repeat.
until we've saved everyone.
Without a host. these things go back to
being slime that washes up on the beach.
One other thing.
I'm getting to that.
If even a single infected person
escapes our containment.
they'll spread across the planet
and we lose. forever.
Got it?
Wait. We can talk about this.
I'm sorry. There's too much at stake.
No! I have to do this!
I've heard that before.
Fool.
Only the chosen may touch
the staff of leadership.
Hey!
Huh?
What? What happened?
Yeah!
Too slow. Too weak.
Too few.
You can't stop us.
Cecil. We're gonna need help.
You okay?
Yeah.
How'd you do that?
I'm not sure.
Without the staff. she just went down.
I think all of her powers come from it.
All clear? Okay. hurry.
Still. nice punch.
I had to do something.
What was up with your powers?
I don't know.
I need your help. Both of you.
We can't. Cecil.
Eve's powers aren't working.
What?
Shit.
Just you. then.
The sequids. they're here.
and about five minutes away
from being everywhere.
Go. I'll be fine.
No tricks. I swear.
Hey. you. Come in.
Hey. I wanted to apologize
for this morning. Uh...
I know it was a little awkward.
It's fine. really.
You were right. you know.
The boys. they obviously
are okay with me staying over.
They just like to joke
about parents having sex.
It's probably healthier
than how I acted at their age.
Me. too.
They know you make me happy.
And that makes them happy.
You always know just what to say.
Hardly.
I mean it.
I'm lucky to have you.
Debbie. why don't we move in together?
What?
Sorry. it just came out.
Though I've been thinking
about it for a while.
You just said we make each other happy
when we're together.
Maybe we could have that every day?
I... I-I just hadn't thought about it yet.
Of course. Think about it.
Take your time.
No. No. I-I...
No. I don't need time.
I need a future.
And mine's with you.
Mm.
Let's do it.
Okay.
Shoot. Sorry.
Oh. uh. are the boys there?
I don't know.
We don't have
extra disruptors.
so get the hosts to someone who's got one.
- Just do whatever you can to help.
- On it.
Robot. what are you doing?
Keep moving.
I've detected life signs
under the streets in this area.
It's rats or something. Ignore it.
They're too large to be rats.
We should look for additional human hosts
hidden in the sewers.
The dome goes underground.
We'll get to them.
Don't split up.
I remind you. if we miss a single host.
these creatures will retain
their hive intelligence--
Deal with the people up here first. Robot.
That's an order.
Slimy motherfuckers.
Now!
And that's for Mars.
I'm from there. I-I'm from Mars.
Dome stability at eight percent
and dropping.
Robot. how many left?
Other than ourselves.
there are six human life-forms left
on the city's surface.
Behind you!
Three!
Two.
One.
They got my disruptor.
Mine. too.
What?
Ah!
Ah...
Anything else I can do for you. ma'am?
No. Thank you.
I'm fine.
What happened now?
I need a disruptor!
You heard the man.
Bulletproof!
How did you get here?
You brought us here.
No. We made sure.
Not sure enough.
Dome integrity at four percent.
Get that disruptor there.
On my way.
You'll get used to your new symbiosis.
Humans and sequids as one. forever.
Dome integrity at one percent.
We're seconds from collapse.
I'm sorry.
Invincible.
Sir.
The boy left me alive?
How stupid.
Shit.